Train to be a teacher (prototype) (#2401)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/train-to-be-a-teacher/other-training-you-can-get.md

---

> title: Other training and experience you can get

Reviewer: Does this section include training? Will this confuse users to think this is another form of teacher training?
Maybe we could change this to 'Get experience to find out if teaching is right for you'

Reviewer: There's also some text underneath this card which I can't find in GitHub, which says: 'whatever your situation there's a training programme for you...'
This might confuse users as the teaching internship and school experience isn't a training programme. 
We could change that to 'whatever your situation there's an opportunity to experience what it's a like to be a teacher'

related_content:
    What is QTS?: "/what-is-qts"
    Salaries and benefits : "/salaries-and-benefits"
    Online Q&A sessions : "/event-categories/online-q-as"
---

> ##Get School Experience

Reviewer 2: Are we planning to replace the GSE page altogether? Or just signpost from here?

Reviewer 2: Ah - I see this is content is all from the Get School Experience page but it is not titled as GSE

@valentine-carter I think we might need to do some more thinking around this - this feels a little like we've downgraded Get School Experience which I don't think is right

We may need to think about splitting out GSE onto one card/page and internships onto another (and then apprenticeships onto another when we have some more content)

You can visit schools to get experience in the classroom before you start your initial teacher training (ITT).

It can help you:

- decide if you want to train to be a teacher
- discover which setting you’d like to teach in (primary or secondary)
- build a relationship with a school you might want to work for later

###What to expect

Your experience will either be in a school or joining classes and meeting teachers online. Placements usually last one or 2 days, but some can last up to 3 weeks

During your experience, you’ll get to do things like:

- observe lessons
- see how teachers manage a classroom
- find out how specific subjects are taught
- speak to teachers and interact with pupils
- learn more about teacher training - including the application and interview process

###Find school experience

> You can usearch fro and request [school experience](https://schoolexperience.education.gov.uk/) in England.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can search for and request [school experience](https://schoolexperience.education.gov.uk/) in England.
```
